add section on deploying with env variables and multiple aws profiles (#18016)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/deploying-to-s3-cloudfront.md

That's it!
Run `npm run build && npm run deploy` to do a build and have it immediately deployed to S3!

## Deploying with `.env` variables

> Some deployments requires passing environment variables. To deploy with environment variables, update the deployment script to your `package.json`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some deployments require passing environment variables. To deploy with environment variables, update the deployment script in your `package.json` file:
```

```js
"scripts" : {
    ...

>     "deploy": "yarn -n \"-r dotenv/config\" && yarn build && gatsby-plugin-s3 deploy"

Reviewer: The rest of the doc uses npm. Can you update it to be more consistent?

}
```

> This command requires running dotenv first before deploying to s3. Additionally, if you have multiple AWS profiles in your machine, you can deploy by declaring your `AWS_PROFILE` before the deploy script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command requires running `dotenv` first before deploying to s3. Additionally, if you have multiple AWS profiles in your machine, you can deploy by declaring your `AWS_PROFILE` before the deploy script:
```

```sh

> AWS_PROFILE=yourprofilename yarn deploy

Reviewer: Same as above -- this should use npm.
